RHDEVDOCS-6872: Content creation for Argo CD Agent install (#101499)
openshift/openshift-docs: argocd_agent_installation/argocd-agent-installation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="argocd-agent-installation"]
= Installing Argo CD Agent
:context: argocd-agent-installation

toc::[]

The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. This guide provides instructions for installing the required Argo CD Agent components. You can install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts.

For an architectural overview and more details about Argo CD Agent, see the `Understanding Argo CD Agent architecture` section.

// Argo CD Agent Terminologies
include::modules/gitops-argocd-agent-terminologies.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on two {OCP} clusters.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have installed the {gitops-title} `argocd` CLI.

Reviewer: `argocd` CLI is not used, so this can be removed.

* You have logged in to the default Argo CD instance.

> * You have installed a `cluster-scoped Argo CD` instance in your defined namespace.

Reviewer 2: As Jonathan mentioned in one of his comment, steps to enable cluster-scoped instance should be provided, you can add link to operator doc here. Also links for `Apps in any namespace`, `argocd-agentctl`, `argocd CLI` etc can be provided here, my draft doc has links to all these or you can give openshift-gitops doc links for these.

Reviewer 2: Got it, then Additional Resources is also Okay with me.

include::modules/gitops-verifying-argocd-agent-installation-in-managed-or-autonomous-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Deploying Argo CD applications
include::modules/gitops-deploying-argocd-applications.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Deploying an Argo CD application in managed mode
include::modules/gitops-deploy-argocd-application-in-managed-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Deploying an Argo CD application in autonomous mode
include::modules/gitops-deploy-argocd-application-in-autonomous-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Troubleshooting Principal-Agent communication and deployment issues
include::modules/gitops-troubleshooting-argocd-principal-agent.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources

* xref:../argocd_applications/managing-apps-in-non-control-plane-namespaces.adoc[Apps in any namespaces]

* xref:../declarative_clusterconfig/configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations.adoc#using-argo-cd-instance-to-manage-cluster-scoped-resources_configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations[cluster-scoped Argo CD instance]

> * link:https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-agent/releases[argocd-agentctl CLI tool (Argo CD Agent upstream GitHub)]

Reviewer 3: The downstream binary builds for agentctl will be published here: https://developers.redhat.com/content-gateway/rest/browse/pub/cgw/openshift-gitops/

Should we point user to this location? @jparsai @jgwest

Reviewer 3: @Dhruv-Soni11 - can we update the link?
```suggestion
* link:https://developers.redhat.com/content-gateway/rest/browse/pub/cgw/openshift-gitops[argocd-agentctl CLI tool]
```

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="argocd-agent-installation"]
= Installing Argo CD Agent
:context: argocd-agent-installation

toc::[]

> The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. This guide provides instructions for installing the required Argo CD Agent components. You can install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

[role="_abstract"]
The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. This guide provides instructions for installing the required Argo CD Agent components. You can install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts.
```

> The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. This guide provides instructions for installing the required Argo CD Agent components. You can install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts.

Author: Ok, thanks for letting me know.

* You have installed `helm` CLI for your Agent setup. Ensure that the `helm` CLI version is greater than v3.8.0.

// Installing the Principal component
include::modules/gitops-argocd-agent-install-principal-component.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Setting up a spoke cluster environment
include::modules/gitops-setting-up-a-spoke-cluster-environment.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installing the Argo CD Agent in Managed Mode by using a Helm chart
include::modules/gitops-installing-argocd-agent-in-managed-mode-by-using-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Installing the Argo CD Agent in Autonomous Mode by using a Helm chart
include::modules/gitops-installing-argocd-agent-in-autonomous-mode-by-using-helm-chart.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Verifying the Argo CD Agent installation in Managed Mode or Autonomous Mode
include::modules/gitops-verifying-argocd-agent-installation-in-managed-or-autonomous-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Deploying Argo CD applications
include::modules/gitops-deploying-argocd-applications.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

.Prerequisites

* You have deployed and configured the Principal and Agent component.
* You have the `oc` CLI installed and are logged in with sufficient permissions.

> * You know the context names for both the hub (principal) and spoke (agent) clusters.

Reviewer 4: Same comment here: This cannot be included like this in the assembly, it needs to me in a respective procedure module. And if it is a prerequisite to all modules included here, you have to add it as described in the assembly template here: https://github.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/blob/main/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_ASSEMBLY_a-collection-of-modules.adoc?plain=1#L37-L43 (and only after the assembly  introduction, it cannot be in between the includes)

Also there is an additional specific OCP guideline, which is also requires adding an ID to the prereqs: 
[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
== Prerequisites

// Deploying an Argo CD application in managed mode
include::modules/gitops-deploy-argocd-application-in-managed-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Deploying an Argo CD application in autonomous mode
include::modules/gitops-deploy-argocd-application-in-autonomous-mode.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Troubleshooting Principal-Agent communication and deployment issues
include::modules/gitops-troubleshooting-argocd-principal-agent.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]

> .Additional resources 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources
```

* xref:../argocd_applications/managing-apps-in-non-control-plane-namespaces.adoc[Apps in any namespaces]

* xref:../declarative_clusterconfig/configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations.adoc#using-argo-cd-instance-to-manage-cluster-scoped-resources_configuring-an-openshift-cluster-by-deploying-an-application-with-cluster-configurations[cluster-scoped Argo CD instance]

* link:https://github.com/argoproj-labs/argocd-agent/releases[argocd-agentctl CLI tool]

* link:https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Helm CLI]

* link:https://argocd-agent.readthedocs.io/latest/configuration/principal/configuration/[Principal Component Configuration section, Argo CD upstream documentation]

* link:https://argocd-agent.readthedocs.io/latest/configuration/agent/configuration/[Agent Component Configuration section, Argo CD upstream documentation]

> * link:https://argocd-agent.readthedocs.io/latest/user-guide/appprojects/[Creating AppProjects for Agents, Argo CD upstream documentation]

Reviewer 4: Please apply the comment about external links with these as well.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="argocd-agent-installation"]
= Installing Argo CD Agent
:context: argocd-agent-installation

toc::[]

The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. This guide provides instructions for installing the required Argo CD Agent components. You can install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts.

For an architectural overview and more details about Argo CD Agent, see the `Understanding Argo CD Agent architecture` section.

// Argo CD Agent Terminologies
include::modules/gitops-argocd-agent-terminologies.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on two {OCP} clusters.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have logged in to the default Argo CD instance.

Reviewer 5: Is this a requirement?

Reviewer 2: Maybe not.

* You have installed a `cluster-scoped Argo CD` instance in your defined namespace.
* You have configured `Apps in any namespace` feature on the Hub cluster.

> * You have installed `argocd-agentctl` CLI tool on your {OCP} clusters.

Author: Fixed.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="argocd-agent-installation"]
= Installing Argo CD Agent

:context: argocd-agent-installation

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
The Argo CD Agent consists of two components, *Principal* and *Agent* that work together to synchronize applications between the control plane and workload clusters in a hub-and-spoke configuration. Install the Principal component by using Argo CD resources and the Agent component by using Helm charts to complete the Argo CD Agent setup.

For an architectural overview and more details about Argo CD Agent, see the `Understanding Argo CD Agent architecture` section.

[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
== Prerequisites

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on two {OCP} clusters.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have installed a `cluster-scoped Argo CD` instance in your defined namespace.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* You have installed a `cluster-scoped Argo CD` instance on the hub cluster.
```
cc: @jgwest @jparsai

Author: Fixed.
